[33m5eb1095[m[33m ([m[1;36mHEAD -> [m[1;32mmaster[m[33m, [m[1;31morigin/master[m[33m)[m Implement test item management: Add CRUD operations for test items in backend and frontend. Introduce new controller and routes for creating, updating, and deleting test items, enhancing API integration. Update TemplateManager.vue to support dynamic form handling for test items, including new fields for point type, point index, action, expected result, and sequence. Refactor SQL initialization script to include necessary database structures for test items, ensuring better functionality and testing capabilities.
[33mc8c0493[m Refactor device and truth table APIs: Enhance error handling and logging in device.js and truthTable.js for improved debugging. Update device API methods to simplify parameters and improve consistency. Modify TemplateManager.vue to streamline device selection and improve user experience with dynamic device fetching. Remove unused form fields and enhance validation rules for better data integrity.
[33mb92f359[m Update SQL initialization script: Add new device type 'EBD' with corresponding device points and configurations. Enhance existing device type 'EDB' entries by correcting typos and expanding point definitions. Improve comments for clarity and maintainability, ensuring accurate representation of device configurations in the database.
[33mdfec59d[m Enhance TemplateManager.vue: Introduce expand/collapse functionality for test groups, improving user experience with new action buttons. Refactor UI layout for better organization and clarity, including updated placeholders and improved styling. Add handling for expanded group states and integrate new icons for actions, ensuring a more intuitive interface for managing test groups.
[33m7cbae25[m Enhance TemplateManager.vue and SQL initialization script: Update the UI to support inline editing for device and point types, improving user experience with dynamic selections. Refactor input handling for action and expected result fields, allowing for numeric input. Correct typos in SQL comments and ensure accurate descriptions in the initialization script. Add new functions for fetching available point types and points based on device type, enhancing data management capabilities.
[33mf6a36e9[m Implement test instance management: Add new controller and routes for creating, starting, updating, and completing test instances. Enhance API integration for test instances in frontend, including new API calls for managing test instance lifecycle. Update TemplateManager.vue to support device and point type selection, improving user experience with dynamic form handling. Refactor SQL initialization script to include necessary database structures for test instances and related entities. Update package dependencies for frontend to ensure compatibility with new features.
[33mf801c54[m Update TemplateManager.vue and SQL initialization script: Modify test group level representation in the UI to reflect new classifications ('å®‰å…¨ç±»' and 'æ™®é€šç±»'). Change default level value in the database schema from 2 to 0 for better alignment with frontend logic. Adjusted SQL comments for clarity and corrected minor typos in the initialization script.
[33m4cd2b96[m Refactor test group management: Remove test_id from backend and frontend, updating related API calls and database schema. Enhance error handling and improve user interface in TemplateManager.vue by adjusting form validation and display properties. Update SQL initialization script to reflect changes in test group structure.
[33m552bc55[m Refactor TemplateManager.vue: Enhance UI responsiveness and current table display. Update layout to allow dynamic height adjustment and improve user feedback with current table information. Clean up code by removing unused components and improving styling transitions. Fix minor typos in validation messages and error handling for better user experience.
[33m6e7b246[m zt çœŸå€¼è¡¨åˆ‡æ¢ç”Ÿæ•ˆã€‚Refactor truth table and test group management: Update API routes and controller functions for truth tables and test groups, enhancing CRUD operations. Modify frontend components to improve user experience, including dynamic fetching of truth tables and their associated test groups. Implement detailed logging for API calls and error handling. Adjust database initialization script to include sample data for truth tables and test groups, ensuring better functionality and testing capabilities.
[33mf713b2a[m zt æµ‹è¯•ç»„æ·»åŠ åˆ°æ•°æ®åº“å®Œæˆ ã€‚Implement test group management: Add CRUD operations for test groups in backend and frontend. Created new routes and controller for test groups, enabling creation, updating, and deletion of test groups and their associated test items. Updated TemplateManager.vue to integrate test group functionality, allowing users to manage test groups within the truth table context. Enhanced API integration for test group operations, ensuring consistent user experience and improved error handling.
[33m7752a71[m å®Œæˆ æ–°å»ºå›¾çº¸å…³è” çº¦æŸå·²æœ‰å›¾çº¸ç‰ˆæœ¬ï¼Œå®Œæˆæ–°å»ºçœŸå€¼è¡¨å…¥æ•°æ®åº“ã€‚Enhance truth table management: Update createTable function to include default values and validation for drawing ID and version. Add new endpoint to fetch available drawings and versions. Refactor frontend to integrate available drawings in TemplateManager.vue, improving user experience with dynamic version selection based on drawing choice. Update MQTT connection logic for better error handling and retry mechanism. Ensure consistent API calls across components.
[33m02e4ea6[m Refactor API calls in DrawingManager.vue and TemplateManager.vue to include '/api' prefix for consistency. Updated endpoints for fetching, creating, updating, and deleting drawings and truth tables. Improved error handling and user feedback in both components.
[33m2a06471[m è°ƒæ•´ å›¾çº¸ç®¡ç†åˆ°ä¸»èœå•Add truth table management features: Implement CRUD operations for truth tables in backend and frontend. Created new routes and controller for truth tables, enabling retrieval, creation, updating, and deletion. Updated App.vue to include truth table navigation. Enhanced UI in DrawingManager.vue for better user interaction with truth tables. Improved API integration for truth table operations in frontend.
[33m730e384[m Refactor backend API routes to include '/api' prefix for consistency; update Nginx configuration to directly forward API requests without path rewriting. Enhance database schema comment for truth tables. Clean up cursor rules documentation for clarity.
[33m680bf1b[m Refactor backend API routes to remove '/api' prefix for improved consistency; enhance logging in device and project controllers for better debugging. Update frontend API calls to use centralized api utility. Add new cursor rules for nginx data processing. Improve error handling and logging in device type controller.
[33m44e3978[m Refactor drawing routes and API calls; enhance database schema. Removed non-prefixed drawing routes in backend for consistency. Updated frontend API calls to use '/api/drawings' prefix. Expanded database initialization script to include new tables for truth tables, test groups, and test items, along with sample data for improved functionality.
